Thank you.
So when did you officially become a business
major? Sophomore year? During the sophomore
year, I made a decision. I don't recall if it was
during the sophomore year before it was changed or
before it was changed. But I can remember June
being very business specific. And your major,
specific major, was management? Yes. All right.
Who over in there, who were some advisors,
counselors, teachers?
I had a... See? Yes. That's my favorite. Cool.
Cool.
During your undergraduate days, what did you and
your buddies think were the expected rules of
classroom behavior and attendance
and
so forth? I think you've got to think about your own
territory in the future. I learned early on that if
I was going to have
I can
say
that depending on the future, and I made every
effort to attend every class, but I did not cut a lot
of time. And I did have a few friends that did, and
most of those didn't make it out, didn't make it
through. Again, I think at the end of that four
years, I can remember taking specific courses, I
can remember taking courses further into my
business direction that they were not easy, and
they They
didn't necessarily try to make it easy. They were
just trying to see if you had the skill to do that.
And I did, and I got, ultimately got out of that with
about three points, just two eights to three
points, something like that, high two to three.
And I was proud of that because I was number 13 and I
was able to get out of that. During the summers, did
you have any particular summer jobs that related
to your later career? I worked two summers
at the San Antonio International Airport
delivering air freight. And I predominantly did
baggage. And it's kind of neat because that's just
when they started hijacking, started, I guess,
late 60s, early 70s. And they were already making
security and getting out. And I was able to drive.
Did that help to draw you toward... I would say it
kept my attitude in mind. Let's see. Was the MSC
important to you? Why? Describe your role.
I lived to go from there, but I didn't do that. If I
didn't have a girlfriend...
Was
the expansion finished during your days? Were
you a part of any, member of any of the MSC
activities? Yeah, I was one year, I didn't see you,
but they had a, they had like a, for lack of a better
term, like a
During
your days at A&M, did it matter where a student came
from geographically? Racially or economically?
among your acquaintances, was there a variety
of...
Were you, did you participate in any religious
activities?
And
that was a year also when you don't have a question.
And I found it a real good time to be in the
legislature. And I used the office capital,
although it was a file. And the dealer was always
nice to see me, but I couldn't say anything. That's
the third time it's required. And it's even
pretty, so I wasn't here for a living. But it just,
you know, you see everything now that you think of.
When
you went to All Faith Chapel, what did you
do?
So you would go in and sit? You didn't read.
Did you grow up in a church-related family? I did.
We were never seen in the morning, but we would go
out.
Let's go back to
some specific A&M things. Describe court
trips. Most of the court trips I remember when we
stayed Most
times, there's a group somewhere, and we would
have dates that we would, you know, not be one of the
student houses, but maybe one of the student
cities. And we have, you know, about 15 of us stay in
there. And a lot of us have had dates. You know, the
dates must stay in the middle part of the house. I
mean, we tell them to take it to you. There were so
much more things to come. I'm sure there was some
legal matters, you know, but it just wasn't that
way. And we just couldn't do that. Now, where did
you all get those groups of dates? A
lot
of
it was one of them. Who arranged them? You trust
anybody. Somebody was going to trust you. It
really wasn't warranty. It was probably 80% of the
time. They weren't necessarily the right people,
but they were. You had to find them. You knew you had
to find them. That's what it was. Did you or anyone
else you know ever have an awkward experience when
it came time after an Aggie touchdown to kiss the
date? Yeah, probably most of his blind dates it
wasn't awkward. He would get
kind of to a quick peck or he would go to the park when
he was in the three-yard line and he'd find
someone.
Mm-hmm.
Did y'all ever have a moose pot or a beast bucket?
You put a little money in the pot and whoever had the
worst date got the money? Y'all didn't do that? Did
you have a favorite place as you look back on it now
for court trips? Did you enjoy one place more than
others
Do you remember it as you think back on court trips?
Do you have a positive feel about them? Were you all
treated pleasantly?
I don't remember any of it. And
when you hitchhiked, say, to Dallas.
San Antonio. Where did you start at A&M? Where did
you catch the ride
first? Well, I hitchhiked to Washington, so I have
to remember that. I
had another buddy that went about a third of the
time trying to do it. And so we would show him up. But
I can remember one time when he and I showed up. We
got back, had those in front of us. And it must have
been 10 to 11 o'clock at night. We just got back. We
just got back. We just got back. And we took another
like three people to get us home early. But usually
we got back at the first five to six.
Did you ever have any bad experiences? I haven't
yet encountered one.
And
am I correct in guessing that quite often you ended
up riding with another aggie that you might not
have otherwise known before? Oh,
no, but I was meaning that it might be by accident
two Aggies might get picked up by the same person.
Oh, yeah, that happens. If you're an A&M person and
you're going down the road and you see a guy in
uniform, a guy with an A&M cap or a sister's
sweater, there would be a question. Would you be
picking up people on the road? All right, the
student organizations, which ones had the
highest prestige? Band, singing cadets?
Fish
drill
team.
What about Yoli?
Let's see, that car that you brought that freshman
year, you didn't keep it long? So
you didn't have a car then for a good while?
All right, now, coeds began to increase in number
while you were there. What did you and your buddies
think about that?
And
you and your buddies, I'm assuming, did not think
of those coeds as high-priority choices for
dates.
Was that generally true among the Corps members
you knew? Were there any women in the Corps yet at
that point?
They
just started, like, in our junior year, it seems
like, the Navy and the Marines. I know that the Navy
was set up. And I don't remember the numbers, but at
the end of the quad, they were the first one we left.
And that was kind of in there. That was the
non-airport, non-army guys. So, like, you just
went elsewhere to be free. When you came, Earl
Rutter was president. Did you and your buddies
have any image of him, any feeling? What did you all
think about Earl Rutter? You know, I didn't think
anything of him. He was so different from my
everyday life. And I see today it seems like
He's
followed and succeeded by Jack Williams, who was
president when you graduated. Did you and your
buddies have any Yes.
Yes. The student leaders who worked with Dr.
Williams nicknamed him quickly Smiling Jack
because he had a perpetual smile. Did you have much
interaction in the community? Did you go to many
places in Bryan College Station? Where did you and
your buddies go to have a good time on a Saturday
night if you stayed there?
If
somebody wanted to go get beer, where was that?
In the dorm?
No,
it's not
bothering me. I didn't want to bother you.
Was Whiskey Bridge still a reality? You
can buy alcohol in Brazos County. And that little
building has just been torn down within the last
year and a half. And I've used that phrase two or
three times on today's students. They have no idea
what I'm talking about. They say it's a different
era. It
was a little bitty country, I'll call it a
primitive country convenience store. It was an
old farmer, you know, an old local guy, and that was
by far the closest place since Brazos County was
dry to hard liquor at that time. Well, I can
remember us having an outfit at 10, three or four
times, or five or six times, where we went out to
Whiskey Bridge, and, like, it was still light, and
we went out there and started drinking this drunk
beer, and we would drop all the animals and go
inside, and you could really,
All right, what else would people drink other than
beer and
whiskey? All right. And what I'm meaning is that
all these sophisticated mixed drinks were, that
wasn't part of it. All right. Then in terms of
smoking, cigarettes, occasionally a cigar. Now,
how much did you and your buddies know then about
marijuana, cocaine, heroin? Very little. I've
seen a few of us do it a few times about marijuana.
Where
did it
come from? Where did somebody buy it?
Did you even know the words cocaine and heroin?
We're talking about fun things and so forth. How
often did you and your buddies go to anything in
Bryan or College Station off campus?
Describe
the bonfire routine during your era. Did you work
on it? Describe that. It was something that it
seemed like the very first part of bonfire you were
required to go out and
I
can
remember being real cold and
real wet. I can remember a couple of buddies that
absolutely just cut school food. That's all there
is. And in retrospect, they've worked that.
So
you were in the cutting room? Correct. Using axes
or chainsaws?
Thank
you.
What else does bonfire mean? You said words again.
My theory is it's the inclusiveness.
That come on everybody. Nothing else matters
about income, last name, or anything else. Fish
camp, field practice, muster, bonfire, elephant
walk, the marching before a football game.
Yeah.
Does any silver taps in your memory have special
meaning to you? No, but I can remember one silver
tap.
You're saying it bothered your heart, your
feelings later. That's what I thought you meant.
Did you or any of your buddies cheat? I call it
cheating. After silver taps, go back and turn on
the lights and do anything? No.
and think how important this next Silver Caps
will be.